docs: create pre/post-deploy getting started (#1362)
keptn/lifecycle-toolkit: docs/content/en/docs/getting-started/observability/_index.md

[Deployment](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/deployment/)
resource.
In this example, this is defined in the
[simplenode-dev-deployment.yaml](https://github.com/keptn-sandbox/klt-on-k3s-with-argocd/blob/main/simplenode-dev/simplenode-dev-deployment.yaml)
file, which includes the following lines:

```yaml
apiVersion: apps/v1
kind: Deployment
metadata:
  name: simplenode
  namespace: simplenode-dev
...
template:
    metadata:
      labels:
        app: simplenode
        app.kubernetes.io/name: simplenodeservice
      annotations:
        # keptn.sh/app: simpleapp
        keptn.sh/workload: simplenode
        keptn.sh/version: 1.0.2
        keptn.sh/pre-deployment-evaluations: evaluate-dependencies
        keptn.sh/pre-deployment-tasks: notify
        keptn.sh/post-deployment-evaluations: evaluate-deployment
        keptn.sh/post-deployment-tasks: notify
...
```

For more information about using annotations and labels
to integrate KLT into your deployment cluster, see
[Integrate KLT with your applications](../../implementing/integrate/_index.md).

## Define evaluations to be performed pre- and post-deployment

> An `evaluation` is a KeptnMetric that has a defined target value.

Reviewer: an evaluation is not a keptn metric and I would differentiate between Evaluation and Evaluation Definitions here they seem mixed up... Maybe something like: a user can configure evaluation definitions to associate a desired target to a KeptainMetric. These evaluation definitions are then referred by name in a workload or app, to run at pre- or post-deployment. KLT will then create an evaluation for each workload or app version referring to the evaluation definition and store the result of whether or not the Keptnmetric satisfies the target at check time, inside the evaluation resource.

Reviewer: not sure this is any clearer than before, but maybe it can help :D

KLT sits in the job scheduler and can trace the deployment
from start to end.
KLT is also application aware,
so we can extend the deployment
with tasks and evaluations that
are run either before or after the actual deployment.
You can also validate any metric,
either pre- or post-deployment,
using the metrics from the Keptn Metrics Server introduced in
[Getting started with Keptn metrics](../metrics).
This means that you can be sure that the environment is healthy
and has adequate resources before you begin the deployment.
After the deployment succeeds,
use Keptn metrics to confirm that your deployed software is really healthy --
not just that the pods are running but validate against SLOs
such as performance and user experience.
You can also check for new logs that came in from a log monitoring solution.

## Using this exercise

This exercise is based on the
[simplenode-dev](https://github.com/keptn-sandbox/klt-on-k3s-with-argocd)
example.
You can clone that repo to access it locally
or just look at it for examples
as you implement the functionality "from scratch"
on your local Kubernetes deployment cluster.

The steps to implement pre- and post-deployment orchestration are:

> 1. [Bring or create a Kubernetes cluster](#bring-or-create-a-kubernetes-deployment-cluster)
> 1. [Install the Keptn Lifecycle Toolkit on your cluster](#install-klt-on-your-cluster)
> 1. [Enable KLT for your cluster](#enable-klt-for-your-cluster)
> 1. [Integrate KLT with your cluster](#integrate-klt-with-your-cluster)
> 1. [Define evaluations to be performed pre- and post-deployment](#define-evaluations-to-be-performed-pre--and-post-deployment)
> 1. [Define tasks to be performed pre- and post-deployment](#define-tasks-to-be-performed-pre--and-post-deployment)

Reviewer 2: In the Metric getting started we pointed readers to "Installation" subsections directly, so we don't replicate text 
Namely the following:
```suggestion
1. [Bring or create a Kubernetes cluster](../../install/k8s/)
1. [Install the Keptn Lifecycle Toolkit and enable it](../../install/install/)
1. [Integrate KLT with your cluster](../../implementing/integrate/)
1. [Define evaluations to be performed pre- and post-deployment](#define-evaluations-to-be-performed-pre--and-post-deployment)
1. [Define tasks to be performed pre- and post-deployment](#define-tasks-to-be-performed-pre--and-post-deployment)
```

This line tells the webhook to handle the namespace

## Integrate KLT with your cluster

To integrate KLT with your cluster, annotate the Kubernetes
[Deployment](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/deployment/)
resource.
In this example, this is defined in the
[simplenode-dev-deployment.yaml](https://github.com/keptn-sandbox/klt-on-k3s-with-argocd/blob/main/simplenode-dev/simplenode-dev-deployment.yaml)
file, which includes the following lines:

```yaml
apiVersion: apps/v1
kind: Deployment
metadata:
  name: simplenode
  namespace: simplenode-dev
...
template:
    metadata:
      labels:
        app: simplenode
        app.kubernetes.io/name: simplenodeservice
      annotations:
        # keptn.sh/app: simpleapp
        keptn.sh/workload: simplenode
        keptn.sh/version: 1.0.2
        keptn.sh/pre-deployment-evaluations: evaluate-dependencies
        keptn.sh/pre-deployment-tasks: notify
        keptn.sh/post-deployment-evaluations: evaluate-deployment
        keptn.sh/post-deployment-tasks: notify
...
```

For more information about using annotations and labels
to integrate KLT into your deployment cluster, see

> [Integrate KLT with your applications](../../implementing/integrate.md).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
[Integrate KLT with your applications](../../implementing/integrate/index.md).
```
this is the faulty link

> [Integrate KLT with your applications](../../implementing/integrate/_index.md).

Reviewer 2: See comment above for why we should remove this portion of text

> ## Define evaluations to be performed pre- and post-deployment

Reviewer 2: maybe?
```suggestion
## Define evaluations to be performed as pre- and post-deployment
```
